README.md, before:

# Zamboni Touch Street

*Zamboni Touch Street* has been conceived by Accademia di Belli Arti di Bologna (IT).

*Zamboni Touch Street* consists of a multimedia and interactive tour route divided into several stages along the way, proposed in the form of an online website.
The route is designed as a walk along *Via Zamboni* characterized by multi-sensory interaction with the street and its interest points presented through different types of content (audio, video, images, text, etc). These suggestions will guide the visitor to discover the many aspects of the way.

The development code for *Zamboni Touch Street* uses a single page application (without framework).

## Getting Started

The all structure consists in a backend wordpress *http://zambonits.limpica.net/wp/* with a REST API and a front-end the website *Zamboni TouchStreet*.

The Zamboni TouchStreet web-application is composed of:
- one page presentation: brief introduction, credits, access to the *Zamboni Touch Street*;
- one page map, with geolocation (google api) and pinned steps on the street;
- for each street’s step, a panoramic view showing interest points; a button info for an introduction to the street’s step;
- for each interest point, a pop up window with multimedia content (text, audio, images); all the content is extracted from the wordpress site and database access is made through REST API. (closing the pop up window is made by clicking outside the window)



<!--These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.--

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system
-->

## Built With

* [jQuery](http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/2.1.1/jquery.min.js) - cross-platform JavaScript library for web
* [Bootstrap](bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.min.js) - front-end library for design
* [Handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com/) - minimal templating
* [Mustache](https://github.com/janl/mustache.js/) - logic-less template syntax
* [imagesloaded](https://github.com/desandro/imagesloaded/blob/master/README.md) - to detect when images have been loaded


## Authors

* **Cécile Picard-Limpens** - *Initial work* - [ZamboniTouchStreet](https://github.com/cpicardlimpens/ZamboniTouchStreet)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/cpicardlimpens/ZamboniTouchStreet/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* jquery.pano.js

Commit message:

preparing an HowTo to deploy

README.md, after:

# Zamboni Touch Street

*Zamboni Touch Street* has been conceived by Accademia di Belli Arti di Bologna (IT).

*Zamboni Touch Street* consists of a multimedia and interactive tour route divided into several stages along the way, proposed in the form of an online website.
The route is designed as a walk along *Via Zamboni* characterized by multi-sensory interaction with the street and its interest points presented through different types of content (audio, video, images, text, etc). These suggestions will guide the visitor to discover the many aspects of the way.

The development code for *Zamboni Touch Street* uses a single page application (without framework).

## Getting Started

The all structure consists in a backend wordpress *http://zambonits.limpica.net/wp/* with a REST API and a front-end the website *Zamboni TouchStreet*.

The Zamboni TouchStreet web-application is composed of:
- one page presentation: brief introduction, credits, access to the *Zamboni Touch Street*;
- one page map, with geolocation (google api) and pinned steps on the street;
- for each street’s step, a panoramic view showing interest points; a button info for an introduction to the street’s step;
- for each interest point, a pop up window with multimedia content (text, audio, images); all the content is extracted from the wordpress site and database access is made through REST API. (closing the pop up window is made by clicking outside the window)

## How to deploy

### Installing the backend:

1. Download the backend wordpress code [here]()
2. copy it to a Php web server folder with the following requirements:
    - PHP Version 7.0.27
    - MySQL server 5.1.73 
3. download the dump of the database from [here]()
4. load the dump into the database server of your host provider. For example see the procedure using PHPMyadmin [here]()
5. configure your hosting solution to use and force the use of HTTPS.
6. Make sure the backend is working well. If https://BACKENDURL is the base URL of your installationm, visit http://BACKENDURL/xxxx. You should see xxxxxxx

### Installing the front-end

1. Download locally the code from this repository by cloning it or clicking [here](xxx)
2. Modify the variable YYYYY with the file YYY.js setting it to the value ....
3. upload the code to your host provider. To ensure the use of HTTPS, we provide a .htaccess file usable with a classic Apache Web server; make sure to upload it as well. If you use a different domain or provider than for the backend, enable HTTPS.
4. test the application by visiting https://YOURFRONTENTURL/index.html






<!--These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.--

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you have to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system
-->

## Built With

* [jQuery](http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/2.1.1/jquery.min.js) - cross-platform JavaScript library for web
* [Bootstrap](bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.min.js) - front-end library for design
* [Handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com/) - minimal templating
* [Mustache](https://github.com/janl/mustache.js/) - logic-less template syntax
* [imagesloaded](https://github.com/desandro/imagesloaded/blob/master/README.md) - to detect when images have been loaded


## Authors

* **Cécile Picard-Limpens** - *Initial work* - [ZamboniTouchStreet](https://github.com/cpicardlimpens/ZamboniTouchStreet)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/cpicardlimpens/ZamboniTouchStreet/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* jquery.pano.js
